Hi test!

Thanks so much for sending in your moving inquiry. Glad you found us. 😃

In This Email

💪 Why Einstein

💰 Your Quote

🚚 Next Steps

💪 Why Einstein

My name is Cameron Brown, and I want to share a few things to help with your move (whether you choose to move with us or not).

If you’re ready to book, just scroll to the bottom of this email for our next steps!

Tiny drum roll… 🥁🥁🥁

Here’s what to know about Einstein Moving, and why we’ve earned a wildly impressive 4.9 out of 5 stars with over 4,500 reviews and have become the most awarded moving company of all time:

💵 How Our Hourly Rate Works

1st Day
We charge $204.00 an hour for 2 mover crew.
There is a 2.5 hour minimum.

Your move time officially starts once we arrive on site and begin the actual move. If we go past that 2.5 hour minimum, we charge in 15-minute increments — so you’ll never pay for more time than you actually need.

Want to know the best part? There are no additional or hidden fees of any kind. No surprises.

Our hourly rate includes all this awesome stuff:

Gas and trucks. No travel fees or fuel surcharges here!

Moving supplies (shrink wrap, pads, bands, etc)

Taxes and Insurance

On Time Guarantee

Credit card processing fees

Assembly and Disassembly of any furniture items (our team will have all the required tools on hand)

Going Carbon Neutral: We plant 4 trees for every move completed!

That’s not all! We are proud to lead our industry by including our No Worries Damage Coverage in our flat hourly rate. This extra form of valuation coverage allocates up to $2,000 to repair, replace, or reimburse for any items damaged during the move process. This goes WAAAAY beyond the industry standard of $.60 per pound of coverage offered by our competitors.

👋 Meet your movers.

We are proud to have the highest paid, most well vetted, and most rigorously trained movers in the industry. You’ll know who your movers are in advance thanks to our Meet Your Movers email we send to you a few days before your move. Now you don’t have to worry about strangers touching your stuff!

💰 Your Quote

As for your particular move: A typical 1800 to 1899 sqft House can cost $1,989.00 to $2,601.00, and usually takes 6.5 to 8.5 hours.

Based on the details you shared, we recommend budgeting around $816.00 for your move.

👆 This is an estimate based on the info you shared and our experience with previous moves. Want to ensure accuracy? Feel free to reply with an inventory list of your furniture items as well as a rough box count.

Obviously there are a number of factors that determine move time but probably the biggest one is how well prepared you are. Small miscellaneous stuff (hanging clothes, lamps, garden tools, etc.) is what takes us the most time so boxing things up well and taking the small stuff yourself can really help keep the cost down.

🚚 Next Steps

💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥

BIG, HONKING IMPORTANT NOTE: The availability of your requested date (Thursday, August 6th 2026) is always changing. This date is NOT being held for you… yet.

💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥

Take the next step to reserve your moving date with us by replying with your answers to the items below!

Address you’re moving from (including floor and unit # if applicable)

Address you’re moving to

Best phone number to reach you

Any special considerations (antique furniture, long walks, large book collection, pool table, pianos, basement full of pet snakes, etc.)

Estimated number of boxes

Basic inventory list of major items (bed, desk, shelves, etc)

If a storage unit is involved, is it an internal climate controlled unit? What floor is it on? If you still need a storage unit, check out SpareFoot for great options near you.

How many bedrooms, offices, or guest rooms? Do you have an extra living room, formal dining room, game room, back yard shed, etc?

Once you respond to this email we'll work on confirming your booking. Only once you receive your confirmation email (Subject line: "Your Move is Confirmed - Yay!") is your job booked and your date being held.

Looking forward to moving you,

Cameron Brown
Einstein Moving Company
+1 (214) 299-8001
www.einsteinmoving.com

P.S. Want more tips on choosing the right moving company, even if you don’t choose us? Here are 12 Tips to Help You Choose the Best Moving Company.

P.P.S. Just a reminder, the movers will accept payment at the completion of the move. We accept all major credit/debit cards. No checks or cash are accepted for the safety of our crew and office team. Companies that need to pay by check for an office move can contact our office ahead of time to confirm a check is acceptable.

© Einstein Moving Company Inc., All Rights Reserved.
