Hi test!

Thank you for reaching out, we are excited to help you make a smart move! While Thursday, August 6th 2026 is currently booked, we have our fingers crossed that maybe we can make another day work for you.

Do you have any flexibility with your move date?

As of now our earliest availability is [TBD].

Picture this: your belongings expertly packed and swiftly transported to your new home, all with the care and precision that Einstein Moving Company is renowned for. But to make this dream a reality, we need your help in finding that perfect alternative date.

Our pricing is super simple, we charge $204.00 per hour for 2 movers and a 26 foot box truck and there is a 2.5 hour minimum. The clock starts when we arrive onsite and if your move goes over the 2.5 hours the time is pro rated in 15 minute increments.

Each additional mover required is $102 per hour.

Everything else needed to complete the move is included in the hourly rate. All of the moving blankets, wrap, bands, dollies, tools, taxes, insurance, gas, and any disassembly or reassembly is included. If you need help packing we charge the same hourly rate and at cost for packing materials.

As for your particular move: A typical 1800 to 1899 sqft House can cost $1,989.00 to $2,601.00, and usually takes 6.5 to 8.5 hours.

Since we did not get to speak about the details of your move I can not say where you will fall with regards to this typical range at this time.

If you have flexibility with your move dates, please answer the following questions and we can send over a more accurate estimate.Address you’re moving from (including floor and unit # if applicable)
Address you’re moving to
Best phone number to reach you
Any special considerations (antique furniture, long walks, large book collection, pool table, pianos, basement full of pet snakes, etc.)
Estimated number of boxes
Basic inventory list of major items (bed, desk, shelves, etc)
If a storage unit is involved, is it an internal climate controlled unit? What floor is it on? If you still need a storage unit, check out SpareFoot for great options near you.
How many bedrooms, offices, or guest rooms? Do you have an extra living room, formal dining room, game room, back yard shed, etc?

Once you respond to this email we'll work on confirming your booking. Only once you receive your confirmation email (Subject line: "Your Move is Confirmed - Yay!") is your job booked and your date being held.

Feeling excited yet? We sure are! Don't hesitate to give us a call at +1 (214) 299-8001, and let's turn your move into an unforgettable experience.

Talk soon,

Cameron Brown
Einstein Moving Company
+1 (214) 299-8001
www.einsteinmoving.com

P.S. You might find our Ultimate Moving Checklist or guide on How to Choose a Good Moving Company helpful, even if we don’t end up being your movers.

© Einstein Moving Company Inc., All Rights Reserved.
