Hi test!

In This Email

🚚 Your Move Details

💰 The Money Stuff

📦 The Packing Stuff

✍️ The Legal Stuff

⏭️ Next Steps

🚚 Your Move Details

Thanks again for taking the time to chat with us and complete your kick off call. We are super excited for your moving day.

Below is every little bit of information you might need, plus a final, full confirmation of your move details. Please make sure all your information is correct!

Your Contact Information

Phone: +1 (512) 815-8781

Move Details

The Day: Thursday, September 24th 2026

Arriving: between 8:30 AM and 9:00 AM (depending on traffic)

Activity: Moving only. We won't be packing any boxes for you (let us know if that changes)

1st Stop:

1800 sqft House

2 story

8 feet to door

1 boxes

Last Stop:

2400 sqft House

2 story

15 feet to door

1 boxes

Does that all look right?

Hit reply now to confirm this is correct, OR let us know if we got something wrong.

In the meantime, while we still have your eyeballs, here’s some more important info for you.

💰 The Money Stuff

Our pricing is super simple and transparent.

We charge $204.00 an hour for a 2 mover crew. There’s a 2.5 hour minimum.

No hidden fees. That's right, absolutely none. That price includes all the movers, insurance, the truck, taxes and credit card processing fees, and all the wraps, pads, and tools necessary to finish the job. It also includes other awesome goodies like our "No Worries Damage Coverage", an On Time Guarantee, and the planting of four trees to offset the carbon emissions from your move.

We’ll disassemble and reassemble all the necessary pieces of furniture to move it damage-free.

The clock starts once we arrive on site and officially begin the move. The clock stops once you're completely done with us. (We’ll miss you.)

If we go over that hour minimum, we charge in 15-minute increments — so you never pay for more time than you actually needed.

Payment: We accept all major credit/debit cards. No checks or cash are accepted for the safety of our crew and office team. Companies that need to pay by check for an office move can contact our office ahead of time to confirm a check is acceptable.

Right now, we estimate your move will cost $816.00.

Remember, this is just an estimate. Obviously there are a number of factors that determine move time but probably the biggest one is how well prepared you are. Small miscellaneous stuff (hanging clothes, lamps, garden tools, etc.) is what takes us the most time so boxing things up well and taking the small stuff yourself can really help keep the cost down.

📦 The Packing Stuff

Pack smarter, not harder. After years of extensive research and observation, we’ve created the Definitive Guide to Low-Stress Packing.

Are you ready? Here it is:

The BEST thing you can do to prepare for your move is to check off all the items on our Smart Move Checklist.

How to pack your dresser: Most dressers weren’t designed to be moved with the extra weight of clothes and other items. So for the safety and structural integrity of your furniture, please remove and pack all items — especially tiny and valuable things like glasses and jewelry! Often, furniture needs to be tilted or even turned over to be moved safely, and we don’t want your items to fall out, get lost, and go on a Toy Story-esque adventure.

Follow the 3 rules of packing:

Boxes with fragile items should be clearly marked on multiple sides.

Never skimp on the padding.

When in doubt, carry it separately.

Want more tips? Check out The Smart Guide to Packing.

Moving something valuable? Please mark the box or item very clearly, and alert your awesome movers.

We’re happy to hook up appliances, but… we’re not trained plumbers! If you need help connecting your appliances and/or securing water lines, we’re happy to help — but you’ll need to sign a liability waiver, and either complete the final inspection yourself, or hire a Fancy Water Wizard plumber to do it.

Moving things into storage? Still looking for a unit? We love Spare Foot for this.

Are we packing for you? We will make sure to bring all the necessary boxes, packing paper, tape and everything else needed. Anything we use will be charged to you at cost and added on to the total at the end of the move.

All the FAQs fit to read (and more) are right here on our website. Go on. See if we haven’t answered every single question you have. We dare you.

✍️ The Legal Stuff

You're covered, cool cat.

Here at Einstein, we lead the moving industry in transparency, service, and being generally rad.

As an extra form of protection for your home and belongings, our hourly rate includes what we call "No Worries Damage Coverage".

This included valuation coverage allocates up to $2,000 per move to repair, replace, or provide a cash settlement for items damaged during the move process.

There are just a few exceptions to this policy, though:

Particle Board Furniture: While we do our best to move particle board furniture without damage, the inherent weakness of its design causes problems. Therefore, we cannot offer additional coverage beyond the $.60/lb required by TXDMV for damages to any particle board furniture (i.e. we only cover $.60 per pound for these items). For more, check out TXDMV’s "Your Rights and Responsibilities When Moving In Texas".

You Pack It, We Move It: All items packed by the owner are moved at the owner’s risk. Therefore, we cannot offer additional coverage beyond the $.60/lb required by TXDMV for damages to items packed in boxes by the owner (i.e. if something breaks in a box you packed yourself, we are only liable for up to $.60 per pound). For more, check out TXDMV’s "Your Rights and Responsibilities When Moving In Texas".

Other Things We’re Not Liable For: When we’re not driving the transportation vehicle (e.g. a POD or rental truck), or we’re unable to use our own methods of protection (e.g. when we can't use our own pads in a storage unit).

⏭️ Next Steps

Aaaannnyway…

Here’s what to expect, communication-wise, between now and the week or so after your move!

A few days before: You’ll get a Meet Your Movers email, so you know which of our movers will arrive at your home. It will also contain your Moving Checklist, and some super boring info we’re required to send.

The day before your move: We’ll call you to check in one last time, and see if you need any extra packing materials or boxes.

The day of your move: We’ll call you when we’re en route to you.

One week after your move: We’ll check in to make sure everything went according to plan.

Need anything else? Think this email was way too long? Want advice on whether you should go to your ex’s wedding?

We’re here for all of it! Don’t hesitate to call anytime.

Reach us at +1 (214) 299-8001, or email us at northdallas@einsteinmoving.com.

Cheers,

Cameron Brown
Einstein Moving Company
+1 (214) 299-8001
www.einsteinmoving.com

© Einstein Moving Company Inc., All Rights Reserved.
