Hey again, test!

In This Email

💪 Meet Your Movers

💰 Payment Details

💪 Meet Your Movers

Your move begins Thursday, August 6th 2026 between 8:30 AM and 9:00 AM (depending on traffic) and we wanted you to know that, after careful deliberation, your movers have been chosen.

Yesterday, the Einstein Board of Executives called an urgent, super-secret meeting to discuss potential candidates. After 12 hours of brutal debate, they emerged to announce their selections.

The entire office erupted in applause upon hearing the choices and all work was put on hold in order to properly celebrate the occasion.

So, without further ado, we are overjoyed to declare that your movers will be:

Movers on: 2026-08-06

TBD

TBD

We are still agonizing over which smart movers will fill the remaining slots (there are so many good choices!) but we promise to have a decision made by move day!

You can learn more about these absolute all-stars on our Meet Your Movers page.

Disclaimer: Although this is the planned lineup, there are always chances of last-minute substitutions!

We know that they are extremely excited to make your move as easy as possible and are looking forward to the tremendous opportunity of meeting you.

After your move is complete, if you feel your movers have done a superior job, please consider giving them a gratuity for their efforts. If tip-giving isn’t your thing, light applause or even a gentle pat on the back will suffice.

💰 Payment Details

A helpful reminder about forms of payment:

👍 We accept all major credit cards/debit cards..

⛔ We do not accept checks, gold bars, or that fancy space money stuff they call bitcoin (at least not yet)

Are you a company needing to pay by check for an office move? Get in touch with us at northdallas@einsteinmoving.com to confirm a check is acceptable.

As you wait impatiently for your move day to arrive, please take a look at the Smart Move Checklist (if you haven't already).

Also, take a few minutes to skim this scintillating TXDMV masterpiece: "Your Rights and Responsibilities When Moving In Texas".

As always, if you have any questions, concerns, or just want to talk about your feelings, please feel free to call us at +1 (214) 299-8001.

Best Regards,

Cameron Brown
Einstein Moving Company
+1 (214) 299-8001
www.einsteinmoving.com

P.S. As a reward for being so thorough and reading all the way to the end: OTTER CAM!

© Einstein Moving Company Inc., All Rights Reserved.
