Hey again, test!

We tried calling you again today for a quick, 5-10 minute move kick off. But dang it, looks like we missed you!

Don’t worry, your move is still confirmed. You’ll see our smiling, caffeinated faces at between 8:30 AM and 9:00 AM (depending on traffic).

So why are we just dying to chat on the phone? Well, after moving thousands of satisfied customers from place to place, we’ve found that this short phone call can make a big difference. It helps ensure your estimate is accurate, and that your Moving Day is easy-breezy.

If you get the chance, please give us a quick call back so we can be as prepared as possible for you.

Call us, page us, beep us at +1 (214) 299-8001.

In the meantime, here are a few handy things to know:

In This Email

📦 Packing Tips

🤙 No Worries Damage Coverage

⏭️ Next Steps

📦 Packing Tips

The BEST thing you can do to prepare for your move is to check off all the items on our Smart Move Checklist

How to pack your dresser: Most dressers weren’t designed to be moved with the extra weight of clothes and other items. So for the safety and structural integrity of your furniture, please remove and pack all items — especially tiny and valuable things like glasses and jewelry! Often, furniture needs to be tilted or even turned over to be moved safely, and we don’t want your items to fall out, get lost, and go on a Toy Story-esque adventure.

Follow the 3 rules of packing:

Boxes with fragile items should be clearly marked on multiple sides.

Never skimp on the padding.

When in doubt, carry it separately.

Want more tips? Check out The Smart Guide to Packing.

Moving something valuable? Please mark the box or item very clearly, and alert your awesome movers.

We’re happy to hook up appliances, but… we’re not trained plumbers! If you need help connecting your appliances and/or securing water lines, we’re happy to help — but you’ll need to sign a liability waiver and either complete the final inspection yourself, or hire a plumber to do it.

Moving things into storage? Still looking for a unit? We love Spare Foot for this.

You can find a complete list of FAQs right here on our website.

🤙 No Worries Damage Coverage

Here at Einstein, we lead the moving industry in transparency, service, and being generally rad. As an extra form of protection for your home and belongings, our hourly rate includes what we call "No Worries Damage Coverage".

This valuation coverage allocates up to $2,000 per move to repair, replace, or provide a cash settlement for items damaged during the move process.

There are just a few exceptions to this policy, though:

Particle Board Furniture: While we do our best to move particle board furniture without damage, the inherent weakness of its design causes problems. Therefore, we cannot offer additional coverage beyond the $.60/lb required by TXDMV for damages to any particle board furniture (i.e. we only cover $.60 per pound for these items). For more, check out TXDMV’s "Your Rights and Responsibilities When Moving In Texas".

You Pack It, We Move It: All items packed by the owner are moved at the owner’s risk. Therefore, we cannot offer additional coverage beyond the $.60/lb required by TXDMV for damages to items packed in boxes by the owner (i.e. if something breaks in a box you packed yourself, we are only liable for up to $.60 per pound). For more, check out TXDMV’s "Your Rights and Responsibilities When Moving In Texas".

Other Things We’re Not Liable For: When we’re not driving the transportation vehicle (e.g. a POD or rental truck), or we’re unable to use our own methods of protection (e.g. when we can't use our own pads in a storage unit).

⏭️ Next Steps

And here’s what you can expect from us between right this second and the week-ish after your move!

A few days before: You’ll get a Meet Your Movers email, so you know which of our movers will arrive at your home. It will also contain your Moving Checklist, and some super boring info we’re required to send.

The day before your move: We’ll call you to check in one last time, and see if you need any extra packing materials or boxes.

The day of your move: We’ll call you when we’re en route to you.

One week after your move: We’ll check in to make sure everything went according to plan.

Cheers,

Your Friends at Einstein Moving Company
+1 (214) 299-8001
www.einsteinmoving.com

© Einstein Moving Company Inc., All Rights Reserved.
