Howdy test!

Whew, it’s officially been one week since Moving Day. Thanks again for trusting us with your move. We sure had a great time serving you.

In fact, we just got done hanging up your picture on our wall as "Customer of the Year".

And since it’s been a few days since we saw your smiling face, we’re just checking in to make sure everything went perfectly.

Specifically, a few questions for ya:

Any scratches or damages to your furniture? Any scuffs to your flooring or walls?

Accidents do happen, and if we didn’t notice something that was damaged, we want to make sure it gets taken care of ASAP.

The quickest and easiest way to get started on the claim process is by filling out this quick form.

Once completed, the details of your claim will go straight to our customer experience team. This amazing group of super stars will reach out ASAP (typically 2 to 3 business days or less) and make sure you are taken care of but don't hesitate to call us if it's an emergency.

Remember that our promise to repair or replace damaged items never expires. If at any time in the future you notice something was damaged during your move, please let us know about it!

Is there anything we could have done better?

If you had anything less than a perfect experience: first, we sincerely apologize. That definitely isn’t what you signed up for.

And second, we’d be VERY grateful to hear about it. If you have ten seconds, could you give us a rating from 1 to 10 and provide written feedback at this link?

Any feedback from you helps us improve our operations, grow our business, and better serve more great customers like you. This feedback comes directly to us and we will take action immediately to make things right for you and future customers.

Of course, if you prefer to talk to a real person or have a more pressing issue, don’t hesitate to give us a call at +1 (214) 299-8001.

Did you absolutely love us, and wish you could give us all a big hug? 🤗

Yesssss! That’s what we aim for. We would really, really love if you could take ten seconds to rate us on a scale of 1 to 10.

You can do that here.

After you pass judgment, if you want to spread the love and make sure others know about our business, it would mean a ton if you could leave us a review!

(If you’ve already reviewed us, thank you, and please ignore this. The robots aren’t smart enough to know this stuff… yet.)

Finally, hurray for hopefully not moving again for a long time! (Though selfishly, we kind of hope you do — and we hope you choose us when the time comes.)

Thanks so much again,

Your Friends at Einstein Moving Company
Einstein Moving Company
+1 (214) 299-8001
www.einsteinmoving.com

© Einstein Moving Company Inc., All Rights Reserved.
